---
layout: post
title: v0.6.0
coverimage: g3000.jpg
---
# Working Title G3000 v0.6.0

## Navigraph Account Linking
This mod enables the G3000/5000 to natively display Navigraph charts. Use of this feature requires an active Navigraph Ultimate subscription (and internet connection). You will also need to link your Navigraph account within the sim. To do so, follow the instructions below:
1. Use the GTC (touchscreen controller) to navigate to MFD Home -> Utilities -> Database Status.
2. Click on the Navigraph Charts row. A pop-up will appear.
3. A browser window should open automatically. If this does not happen, you will need to manually open a browser and navigate to the provided URL.
4. You will be prompted to log in to your Navigraph account and allow access. *The mod does not store your Navigraph username or password anywhere, nor does it even have access to this information at any point during the authentication process*.
5. After completing step 4, press the "Link Account" button on the GTC pop-up. A message will appear on the GTC indicating either success or failure.

During a flight, you can check your Navigraph account link status in the GTC Database Status page. If both the Standby and Active fields display "Available", this means an account has been linked and chart database access is available. If the Standby field displays "Available" and the Active field displays "None", this means an account was linked but access has expired and you need to re-authenticate using the above process to restore chart database access. If both fields display "None", this means no Navigraph account has been linked.

## Changes in this Version
*Please refer to the changelog for a more detailed description of changes in this release.*
- Implemented traffic awareness and alert systems for both the TBM930 and Longitude.
- Added Navigraph charts integration. *Use of this feature requires a paid Navigraph subscription*.
- Updated the touchscreen controller Nearest Waypoints pages, and added the ability to filter airports by runway surface and length.
- Added Intersection, VOR, and NDB Info pages for the touchscreen controller.
- Added an option to turn off the custom VFR Map in the mod config file. If the custom VFR Map is disabled, the game will revert to using the default VFR Map.
- Performance optimizations for the navigation map.

**Fixes**
- \[Compatibility\] For the Longitude: increased the default CRU thrust limit to 95% N1. This will allow the airplane to maintain Mmo at higher altitudes for those who have installed dakfly's Longitude performance mod.
- \[General\] The aural minimums alert no longer triggers immediately after takeoff.
- \[General\] Calculations for distance and ETE are now more accurate for flight plan legs that involve transition turns.
- \[General\] For the Longitude: altimeter pressure setting increment/decrement hotkeys now work properly again.
- \[NavMap\] Fixed a game freeze related to rendering certain airways.