---
layout: cj4_post
title: v0.7.3
coverimage: landing.jpg
coverposition: 50% 60%
---
# Working Title CJ4 v0.7.3

Welcome to the latest update of the Working Title CJ4 (v0.7.3). This is a hotfix for adjusting the autopilot PIDs to temporarily work around the lateral guidance issues some users are experiencing in MSFS update 1.11.6.0!. You should see much improved lateral guidance accuracy, and should not see significant deviations pointing away from the desired track.

Thanks to FBW for the report and help, and Philip, Sebastian, and the team Asobo for forwarding a solution to this pressing issue and continuing to field our inquiries with such patience.

## Installation
Installation is easy, simply copy the `workingtitle-aircraft-cj4` folder inside the zip file to your MSFS Community folder. 

**Important: We recommend that you fully delete the previous `workingtitle-aircraft-cj4` folder before copying this release.**

## Changes
* Changed Autopilot PID values to get rid of lateral navigation problems introduced with MSFS update 1.11.6.0

## Known Issues
* Altitude constraints are not currently selectable on the map due to incorrect data being displayed.
* The speed constraints on arrivals may not show correctly because of database issues.
* After using Direct-To, the navigation will not always automatically sequence to the next fix and may enter ROL mode. You can re-activate NAV to navigate to the next fix if you encounter this issue.
* The aircraft is still using the built-in MSFS autopilot (for now). All the existing limitations of that still apply. It does behave a bit better with the various enhancements applied.
* Some flight plan distances may still be misreported when the approach is activated. Please log an issue if you encounter this with details.
* Some instances of the autopilot skipping approach waypoints still occur - this is deep in the sim handling of waypoints and is, for now, out of our hands. We will continue to research this.
